Design Specications
You should develop a robot to go through the testing range. There are also
three additional requirements discussed later.
The testing range is 2x2 m square made out of 4 quadrants.
 Your robot should stay within the range and go from start to the nish
position.
 Points are awarded based on how far your robot went through the range.
 Robot should be positioned at start line when testing commences
 You have 15 minutes of customer attention.
 Robot should be totally autonomous and no human intervention is allowed.
 You can take the robot back to the start line. 15 minutes timer keeps
running.
 Robot should not change range as it moves through
A-quadrant: Your robot should follow a straight white line on black back-
ground, wirelessly open a gate and move through it.
B-quadrant: White line is arranged in curvy pattern, your robot must con-
tinue to follow it.
C-quadrant: White line is arranged in a maze pattern. You can consider
some maze-solving algorithms.
D-quadrant: No white line. Maze made out of wall 100 mm high. Distance
between walls 180 mm. No loops in the maze.
The group score will be out of 100.
 Completing quadrant 1 will be suffcient to get 40%.
 Completing quadrant 2 will be suffcient to get 60%.
 Completing quadrant 3 will be suffcient to get 80%.
 Completing quadrant 4 will be suffcient to get 100%.
We may give partial marks for some quadrants at our discretion, especially
in quadrant 4.

Additional Requirements
The two additional requirements are:

Recyclability: In recyclability we are
looking specically at how easy is it for us to get our parts back the sensors,
micro controllers, motors etc. And as a hint, we like nuts, bolts and screws on
our parts. Also making it recyclable makes it easier to repair or change if you
discover a problem with your current design. Up to 10% can be taken off the
group score for poor recyclability.

Aesthetics is all about how well it is designed from an engineer's point of
view. Does it look like a mess of wires and parts or is it tidy, or colourful etc.
The hard part will be making it recyclable and aesthetically pleasing because
quite often those two things dont go hand in hand. Up to 10% can be taken off
the group score if your robot looks like mess of wires.

Source: Section 5
http://ecs.victoria.ac.nz/foswiki/pub/Courses/ENGR101_2016T1/Assignments/AVC.pdf
